Collect community persona (#1106)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: community-members/camila-rangel-smith.md

## Personas of the contributing members of _The Turing Way_

* Name: **Camila Rangel Smith**
* Pronouns: she/her
* Date: 15 May 2020
* Current involvement: Translation in Spanish

> ### Bio (taken from The Alan Turing Institue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bio 
```

Author: Haha Good catch :D I felt compelled to mention the source but it is indeed a Bio.

> Camila is a Research Data Scientist at The Alan Turing Institute. She holds a PhD in Particle Physics from Université Paris Diderot where she worked on the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. 
> During her PhD she participated on the discovery of the Higgs Boson particle announced by CERN in 2012. 
> She continued working on ATLAS as a postdoc with Uppsala University where she focused on searches for physics beyond the Standard Model of Particle Physics.

> > Right before joining the Turing, she worked as Data Scientist in the EdTech sector developing innovative products focused on the assessment process in education.

Reviewer: I am wondering if we could use a bit simpler language. I like the content but think it might not be as accessible.

An example:
```suggestion
> Right before joining the Turing Institute, she worked on technical ways to improve how we assess learners and what they learned. 
```

Author: Thanks for pointing this Heidi. This was written by Camila so maybe I will combine both of your texts to keep it clear but also capture her experience as a data scientist in technical education sector. What do you think?

Reviewer: :+1:

More recently that project has become consolidated into LA-CoNGA physics (http://laconga.redclara.net/), an EU Erasmus+ funded project with a mission to create a Latin American and European Community for Advanced Physics.
This effort aims to support the modernization of the higher education system in the region and to promote values of collaboration, education and open research. 
In this project I’m helping to build a data science module that will be thought in an online master course.

## Her ongoing involvement in _The Turing Way_ community
 
I think The Turing Way is an excellent resource that can change the way science is done (I wish I had it when I started my PhD!). 
Although the international language of science is English, I know for a fact that not everyone in places like Latin-American have the time and resources to learn it, so I think we must do everything we can to break those barriers and improve the accessibility of knowledge for everyone. 

> This is my motivation to translate the book to Spanish, and I hope that the Spanish version will be used as an important resource on the master course we are developing in  LA-CoNGA physics project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is my motivation to translate the book to Spanish, and I hope that the Spanish version will be used as an important resource on the master course we are developing for a project (the LA-CoNGA physics project).
```

## Support Camila's efforts in _The Turing Way_

If you are interested in supporting Camila's effort to translate _The Turing Way_ resources into Spanish, do get in touch by joining the conversation in [this issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/767).

> More information about the translation process can be read in [these issues](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+translation+label%3Atranslation) labeled with 'Translation' tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the translation process can be acessed in [these issues](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+translation+label%3Atranslation) labeled with the 'Translation' tag.
```
